02-project-1/06-project.md, before:

## Project

At this point, you have the skills to create a CI / CD pipelines for one of your own projects. 


Steps: 

1. Create your own project from scratch 
1. Find or build a gitlab-ci.yaml file that will support your project's tech. You are free to use examples from the previous videos. 
1. Configure GitLab to contain environment variables to support continous delivery onto Heroku
1. Push your code to GitLab and watch the pipelines commence 
1. Analyze, debug, and modify scripts as needed until all pipelines are passing and the new code to your project is pushed to Heroku after all pipelines pass. 


### !challenge
* type: project
* id: AD7654DE-4B22-4B0A-B577-TMO2P1PROJEC
* title: T-MOBILE p1 d1: Deployed passing pipeline dashboard
* standard_uuids:  

##### !question
## URL of passing pipelines
Paste the URL of the passing pipeline dashboard
##### !end-question

##### !placeholder
URL of the passing pipeline dashboard
##### !end-placeholder

##### !explanation
Thank you for your submission! 😀
##### !end-explanation
### !end-challenge

Commit message:

Adding repos for starter projects.

02-project-1/06-project.md, after:

## Project

At this point, you have the skills to create a CI / CD pipelines for one of your own projects. 


Steps: 

1. Create your own project from scratch ( either Java Spring or Angular )
1. Find or build a gitlab-ci.yaml file that will support your project's tech. You are free to use examples from the previous videos. 
1. Configure GitLab to contain environment variables to support continous delivery onto Heroku
1. Push your code to GitLab and watch the pipelines commence 
1. Analyze, debug, and modify scripts as needed until all pipelines are passing and the new code to your project is pushed to Heroku after all pipelines pass. 


Note: 
Feel free to use the existing "starter" GitLab projects if you are short on time or simply just need the convenience of projects with some of the work done for you: 

[COIN COUNTER](https://gitlab.com/nmuta-jones-tmo/coincounter/) : An Angular project already set up to deploy to PCF 
[HEROKU SPRING APP](https://gitlab.com/nmuta-jones-tmo/heroku-spring) : A Java Spring Boot app already set up to deploy to Heroku 
[HEROKU ANGULAR](https://gitlab.com/nmuta-jones-tmo/heroku-angular) : An Angular app already set up to deploy to Heroku 

If you clone one of the above projects, your job would be to simply get pipelines working with your own accounts on GitLab and Heroku . 





### !challenge
* type: project
* id: AD7654DE-4B22-4B0A-B577-TMO2P1PROJEC
* title: T-MOBILE p1 d1: Deployed passing pipeline dashboard
* standard_uuids:  

##### !question
## URL of passing pipelines
Paste the URL of the passing pipeline dashboard
##### !end-question

##### !placeholder
URL of the passing pipeline dashboard
##### !end-placeholder

##### !explanation
Thank you for your submission! 😀
##### !end-explanation
### !end-challenge
